README.md, before:

# CTP-EOS Icons™
CTP-EOS Icons™ are basic CTP-EOS™ images (usually .pngs with transparencies) to be used for various widgets and image placeholders and other widgets throughout various menu items and other icon placements throughout the CTP-EOS™ Linux environment.

---

### 🔷 CTP-EOS™ Symbol Overview

The default **CTP-EOS™** symbol is a **blue chrome equilateral upward-facing triangle**.

- **Color Meaning**: The **blue** hue symbolizes **T-energy**, one of the three foundational energy forms within **CTP Energy Science**.
- **Shape Significance**: The **equilateral triangle**, pointing upward, represents the **trenary** (three-fold) nature of CTP Energy.
- **Philosophical and Scientific Roots**:  
  The triangle also pays homage to **Pythagoras**, reflecting a deep respect for the classical sciences of:
  - **Geometry** (including **Sacred Geometry**),
  - **Trigonometry**, and
  - Other mathematical and metaphysical sciences integral to the structure of the universe.
- **CTP-EOS™ Roots based on Arch Linux**:  
  - The upgward facing triangle also alludes to the English letter 'A' for 'Arch' or [Arch Linux](https://archlinux.org) which CTP-EOS™ is-will be based on.
  - This project is based on [Arch Linux](https://archlinux.org), providing a lightweight and flexible foundation for CTP-EOS™.


This symbol stands as a unifying icon for the **CTP-EOS™ Operating System** and the broader vision of **CTP Energy Science**—merging advanced energy principles with modern computing.

---

[![CTP-EOS Symbol](https://github.com/ctp-eos/icons/blob/main/ctp-eos-icon-1.png?raw=true)](https://www.ctp-eos.org)

## License

This project is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/).

Commit message:

Revise CTP-EOS description and origins
Updated project description and clarified origins.

README.md, after:

# CTP-EOS Icons™
CTP-EOS Icons™ are basic CTP-EOS™ images (usually .pngs with transparencies) to be used for various widgets and image placeholders and other widgets throughout various menu items and other icon placements throughout the CTP-EOS™ Linux environment.

---

### 🔷 CTP-EOS™ Symbol Overview

The default **CTP-EOS™** symbol is a **blue chrome equilateral upward-facing triangle**.

- **Color Meaning**: The **blue** hue symbolizes **T-energy**, one of the three foundational energy forms within **CTP Energy Science**.
- **Shape Significance**: The **equilateral triangle**, pointing upward, represents the **trenary** (three-fold) nature of CTP Energy.
- **Philosophical and Scientific Roots**:  
  The triangle also pays homage to **Pythagoras**, reflecting a deep respect for the classical sciences of:
  - **Geometry** (including **Sacred Geometry**),
  - **Trigonometry**, and
  - Other mathematical and metaphysical sciences integral to the structure of the universe.
- **CTP-EOS™ Roots originally based on Arch Linux**:  
  - The upgward facing triangle also alludes to the English letter 'A' for 'Arch' or [Arch Linux](https://archlinux.org) which CTP-EOS™ is-will be based on.
  - CTP-EOS is a multi-format Linux LTS/rolling-release distrubution based on Debian Linux [Debian Linux](https://debian.org) [Arch Linux](https://archlinux.org), providing a lightweight and flexible foundation for CTP-EOS™.


This symbol stands as a unifying icon for the **CTP-EOS™ Operating System** and the broader vision of **CTP Energy Science/the CTPSci Sciences**—merging advanced energy principles with modern computing.

---

[![CTP-EOS Symbol](https://github.com/ctp-eos/icons/blob/main/ctp-eos-icon-1.png?raw=true)](https://www.ctp-eos.org)

## License

This project is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/).
